README.md, before:

# Genealogy

## Running your project

`cargo leptos watch`

## Installing Additional Tools

By default, `cargo-leptos` uses `nightly` Rust, `cargo-generate`, and `sass`. If you run into any trouble, you may need to install one or more of these tools.

1. `rustup toolchain install nightly --allow-downgrade` - make sure you have Rust nightly
2. `rustup target add wasm32-unknown-unknown` - add the ability to compile Rust to WebAssembly
3. `cargo install cargo-generate` - install `cargo-generate` binary (should be installed automatically in future)
4. `npm install -g sass` - install `dart-sass` (should be optional in future)

## Executing a Server on a Remote Machine Without the Toolchain
After running a `cargo leptos build --release` the minimum files needed are:

1. The server binary located in `target/server/release`
2. The `site` directory and all files within located in `target/site`

Copy these files to your remote server. The directory structure should be:
```text
leptos_start
site/
```
Set the following environment variables (updating for your project as needed):
```sh
export LEPTOS_OUTPUT_NAME="leptos_start"
export LEPTOS_SITE_ROOT="site"
export LEPTOS_SITE_PKG_DIR="pkg"
export LEPTOS_SITE_ADDR="127.0.0.1:3000"
export LEPTOS_RELOAD_PORT="3001"
```
Finally, run the server binary.

## Notes about CSR and Trunk:
Although it is not recommended, you can also run your project without server integration using the feature `csr` and `trunk serve`:

`trunk serve --open --features csr`

This may be useful for integrating external tools which require a static site, e.g. `tauri`.

Commit message:

Basic version of adding persons to a list.

README.md, after:

# Genealogy

## Whishlist

- [ ] Add people with their name.
- [ ] List all persons.
- [ ] Add parents.
- [ ] Have a page for a person.
  - [ ] With their parents
    - [ ] Biological
    - [ ] and adopted.
  - [ ] With their children, biological and adopted, including the other parent?
  - [ ] With their spouse? And any previous relationships?
  - [ ] Birth date, either exact, unknown, inexact a month, inexact a year. Any other options?
  - [ ] Date of death. Similar options as for the date of birth.

## Running your project

`cargo leptos watch`

## Installing Additional Tools

By default, `cargo-leptos` uses `nightly` Rust, `cargo-generate`, and `sass`. If you run into any trouble, you may need to install one or more of these tools.

1. `rustup toolchain install nightly --allow-downgrade` - make sure you have Rust nightly
2. `rustup target add wasm32-unknown-unknown` - add the ability to compile Rust to WebAssembly
3. `cargo install cargo-generate` - install `cargo-generate` binary (should be installed automatically in future)
4. `npm install -g sass` - install `dart-sass` (should be optional in future)

## Executing a Server on a Remote Machine Without the Toolchain
After running a `cargo leptos build --release` the minimum files needed are:

1. The server binary located in `target/server/release`
2. The `site` directory and all files within located in `target/site`

Copy these files to your remote server. The directory structure should be:
```text
leptos_start
site/
```
Set the following environment variables (updating for your project as needed):
```sh
export LEPTOS_OUTPUT_NAME="leptos_start"
export LEPTOS_SITE_ROOT="site"
export LEPTOS_SITE_PKG_DIR="pkg"
export LEPTOS_SITE_ADDR="127.0.0.1:3000"
export LEPTOS_RELOAD_PORT="3001"
```
Finally, run the server binary.

## Notes about CSR and Trunk:
Although it is not recommended, you can also run your project without server integration using the feature `csr` and `trunk serve`:

`trunk serve --open --features csr`

This may be useful for integrating external tools which require a static site, e.g. `tauri`.
